# Discord_Bots
## A few example bots that can be made using Discord.js.  
### Any text in wrapped in <angle brackets> is a place holder that one should fill-in.
__One may skip this description if he or she already knows how to make a Discord bot__, otherwise read on.  Simply have an empty folder.  Hold shift and right-click to open up the command prompt in that folder.  Type `npm init` (assuming one has downloaded the necessary software; such as: Git, Node.js, and Node.js Package Manager [NPM]) in the command prompt and hit enter.  Fill out the process and only the name, version, description, main, author, and license are required for the `package.json` file (it will automatically be named *package.json*).  Keep in mind that the **main** will be the name of the `index.js` file.  Next, type `npm install Discord.js --save` to install the _Discord.js_ dependency and save it.  Then, one is ready to use this software for a bot of their own.  Once all the files are compiled, one can type `node index.js` in the command prompt, while in that folder to start the bot.  From there add it to a server that one needs the Manage\_Guild permission to add a bot to a server.  Use this Uniform Resource Locator to add the bot by replacing _<Client_Identifier>_ in: `https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=<Client_Identifier>&scope=bot&permissions=0`  _There is no reason to download a Integrated Development Environment (code editor) for your computer should have native software that will be fine for coding in_.
